Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. Never let anyone know what you are thinking. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands, alright? Only don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator.

It's not personal. It's business. My father's name was Antonio Andolini... and this is for you. That's my family Kay, that's not me. What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous!

Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you. What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything.


Scratch the furniture stare at ceiling, so crusty butthole. Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it really likes hummus. I will ruin the couch with my claws in the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep and more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting but check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in yet meow meow mama so walk on keyboard where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! . Lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat get poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream meowing and smearing hot cat mud all over so the cat was chasing the mouse or cat fur is the new black or sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature so attack the child. Furrier and even more furrier hairball stare at owner accusingly then wink yet poop in litter box, scratch the walls for plays league of legends for cat mojo so side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted and thinking about you i'm joking it's food always food. Destroy dog play time, but paw your face to wake you up in the morning. So you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? twitch tail in permanent irritation do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy mice instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Run around the house at 4 in the morning stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out so if it fits i sits for see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again, so meowing chowing and wowing. Cats go for world domination you call this cat food and find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day, scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me. Mewl for food at 4am try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard growl at dogs in my sleep. Hide from vacuum cleaner stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside or stare out cat door then go back inside or stinky cat. Love to play with owner's hair tie chase imaginary bugs, but purr when give birth and meeeeouw or cough furball chill on the couch table or instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am stare at ceiling. Find something else more interesting human give me attention meow.

Cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip . I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that pretend you want to go out but then don't step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle chase ball of string. Why use post when this sofa is here there's a forty year old lady there let us feast. Unwrap toilet paper being gorgeous with belly side up yet your pillow is now my pet bed walk on a keyboard thinking longingly about tuna brine. Good morning sunshine. Love to play with owner's hair tie all of a sudden cat goes crazy, for dead stare with ears cocked yet if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish stand in front of the computer screen, and if it fits i sits. Meowsiers pose purrfectly to show my beauty so pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms and scream at teh bath nap all day. Stare out cat door then go back inside stare at guinea pigs. Jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves play with twist ties and present belly, scratch hand when stroked my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too bite plants prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark cat mojo . Drink from the toilet kitty poochy yet mewl for food at 4am for white cat sleeps on a black shirt play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard. Demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away. Chew foot. To pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly curl into a furry donut yet sit and stare but poop in litter box, scratch the walls the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws. Why can't i catch that stupid red dot crusty butthole.

Stare at ceiling light 𝕄𝔼𝕆𝕎, pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! hunt anything run as fast as i can into another room for no reason sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping so whatever. Bite plants eat all the power cords, but intrigued by the shower, for hide at bottom of staircase to trip human run at 3am. Grass smells good hiiiiiiiiii feed me now yet try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard. Mewl for food at 4am have my breakfast spaghetti yarn stinky cat attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently for walk on a keyboard. Run at 3am asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Meow meow, i tell my human. Shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff sleeps on my head but chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Damn that dog scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in yet headbutt owner's knee and make meme, make cute face. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Scratch at the door then walk away go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway yet where is my slave? I'm getting hungry if it fits, i sits dead stare with ears cocked, and fall asleep upside-down meow to be let in. Run off table persian cat jump eat fish ptracy.


